(Episode 44)
Let's date, Ji An.
I don't want to marry you.
But...
I want to at least date you.
So...
let's just date, Ji An.
Let's do it.
Dating only.
At least that.
Okay.
Dating only.
Fine.
But let's date for only a week.
That's too short.
What do you mean?
They say the lord created the world in seven days.
It's not fun if it's too long.
Sure.
It's not fun when it's too long.
Then from now on, we...
I'll call you later.
But what happened to your work?
Oh, right. I don't have time for a chat.
I'll call you on my way there.
What have I done?
What? Is something wrong?
I'm reporting to my girlfriend.
What?
Yong Gook just set me up with a junk shop.
They know a few small factories,
so I'm on my way to look for the machines.
Really?
I'm going to buy the machines today if I can.
If the factory's okay, I'm going to take it too.
Aren't you driving for way too long today?
I have Secretary Yoo. We'll take turns driving.
Be careful.
Are you worried about me?
Seriously.
You shouldn't be on the phone while driving.
I'll pick you up when you're off.
See you later.
Ji An!
Ji An. Ji An.
Ji Soo.
What's wrong with you?
It's just dating.
Isn't that what people do at our age?
What are you talking about?
Are you going to marry Do Kyung now...
if his family doesn't oppose to it?
That's not true, right?
People don't get married right away.
They don't do that.
You should date them first to know about them.
So what is your problem?
You should date him first.
Haesung is worried...
only about you joining the family.
They only block you since they don't want marriage.
So just tell them you won't do that for now.
Also,
as you date Do Kyung,
you might not like him anymore.
Even I don't know how I'll end up with Hyuk.
Is that what you came up with all night?
I'm sorry. This is all I can say.
But after seeing how Mother treats me and Hyuk,
I can't tell you...
to pursue for love no matter what.
We've already decided to do that.
What?
We...
decided to date only.
You did?
Just for a week.
"A week"?
I just didn't want to do it for long.
It'll be dangerous if it becomes long.
I want to do something for him,
but it's sad that I can't do anything...
because we don't have rights to do that.
A week only.
Wouldn't that be okay?
What are you doing?
Tell your boss that you got punched.
I'll kill you if you follow me again.
He punched you?
Do Kyung threw a punch at you?
Are you sure it was Do Kyung?
All right then.
He threw a punch?
It's turning nicely, right?
- It looks as good as new. - It does.
Hello.
This is the place.
That's the office you're looking at.
If you turn around, you can see the wood.
And this is the factory.
Do you like it?
This is nice.
This is so nice.
- Isn't it cold outside? - Hello.
Mr. Baker said tonight's dinner is pizza.
He let me make the dough, so I can practice.
You don't need to. I'm cooking dumpling stew.
Well, Ji Soo's dad handled everything.
We don't need to worry about anything now.
I'm sorry to have troubled you,
but everything worked out now.
Did it?
(Mother from Haesung Group)
Aren't you going to answer it?
I will.
Hello?
It's cold. I don't want to eat pizza.
- I'll cook dumpling stew. - Okay.
Okay.
What is it? Does your scary mother want to meet?
Yes.
Judging from her actions,
before educating you and improving your status,
she didn't want to put you on her registry, right?
Yes. Even now, she probably...
wants to meet me so she can persuade me.
To send me abroad.
I'm saying she has no right to force it on you.
You're not her daughter.
Legally speaking.
It's just that you'd been living poorly,
but you're a precious daughter by birth.
I had not been living poorly.
The fact that you think so is the problem.
You haven't seen the world in your limited world.
I'm sorry.
I came to your family...
on an impulse to rebel against my parents.
I sincerely apologize.
"To rebel"?
When I was being dragged to the airport,
I thought I couldn't' be Seo Ji Soo anymore.
I thought I'd be back as a stranger, Choi Eun Seok.
When I had this thought,
I saw many things I hadn't seen before.
I realized the love from my old parents was real.
I missed Ji An, and I was sad to leave Hyuk.
I was really sad and full of regrets.
And I was so scared.
Have you forgotten what they did to you?
That wasn't important.
I wasn't happy for the few months...
which I lived with my real parents.
It's because you haven't tried it yet.
You haven't enjoyed the life yet.
This is not a mere problem about money.
No one can mistreat you.
You can do everything you want in your life.
How can you not understand my desire to give back...
the best life you can have?
Do you remember giving me your credit card?
Have I used it even once?
You're right.
Why didn't you? It doesn't have a limit.
I'm comfortable enough with the money I earn.
I don't need money that much.
To me, every food is delicious,
and because of your good genes,
I look good in anything.
So I don't like going to famous restaurants,
and I don't like going shopping either.
That's why...
I was happy for years with part-time jobs.
I didn't need anything more.
That's...
You've grown accustomed to living poorly.
That disappoints and upsets me.
But because of that, I don't want to return.
I don't want to live as Choi Eun Seok.
What?
I don't feel like...
you're my mother at all.
I'm not sad to let go...
of all the privileges I can enjoy at Haesung.
The only reason...
I am grateful to you...
is giving birth to me.
Ji Soo.
You don't need to go abroad for the time being
Date that Sunwoo Hyuk you mentioned too.
But come back home.
Let's work this out step by step...
It's too late.
"It's too late"?
What do you mean?
Thank you for bringing me to this world.
I just wanted to thank you for that.
Goodbye now.
You.
You will regret it.
Five minutes before arrival.
Ji An.
You're here.
Let's go. I want to take the subway with you.
We only have a week. Let's do everything others do.
Should we?
Let's hurry. I booked movie tickets.
No, not that way. This way. Come here.
Couples always stand over here.
What on earth...
It's dangerous near the door. Move away.
It's unusually packed today.
Don't you prefer watching me rather than the film?
You're the ones who are clueless.
Only the mother knew the truth.
Because the mother of Kim Ja Hong...
was unconscious at that time,
the children were left behind.
How dare you use those children?
This is not acceptable. Did you understand that?
That idiot.
He was too sorry to see you.
That's why he worked so hard...
and he gave you all his money...
even if he couldn't come home.
He's an idiot.
He was like that all his life.
He was like that...
all his life.
My son...
I...
Do you think you would pass all seven trials?
No. I lost my chance to be reincarnated.
So I am going to give it my best shot in this life.
I thought I'd be with you in our next life,
but I guess not.
You can't be reincarnated either.
You will be found guilty for lying.
You pretended not to like me.
I never said that I don't like you.
Right.
You yelled at me and said you liked me.
Come on.
I am too hungry to be upset.
Right? You are hungry, right?
You can choose what to eat for dinner.
I was trying to book a restaurant too,
but I didn't know what you like.
I don't know what you like.
What are all these?
It's what I always used to eat in college.
You can eat a variety of things.
Tteokbokki, cheese,
chicken feet, and Jumeokbap.
Do you eat chicken feet?
I know how to eat it.
You don't eat it, do you?
I don't.
That's not how you eat that, is it?
What?
Just do what you always do.
I can eat like this too.
I will eat it too...
so you can eat it.
Soo A,
I'm making things too difficult for you.
If you want...
(Seung Won)
Yes, Seung Won. What's wrong?
Is Soo A not well?
That's not it.
Soo A told me not to tell you.
But Soo A had a miscarriage.
"A miscarriage"?
This afternoon, she kept saying her stomach hurt.
She's resting in my house right now.
I thought you should know. That's why I called.
I used to play alone well.
I will take the empty glasses.
Isn't that Seo Hyun?
No way. That can't be.
Why did he have to work here?
By the way, why did I run away?
- Excuse me. - My goodness.
No way. I must be mad.
Why do you keep thinking about him?
Seo Hyun, are you in love with him?
He's the son of my family's enemy.
Come to your senses.
I'm back in this neighborhood again.
You always say you'll never come back.
But you always come back.
I should never use the word "never".
Right.
The word "never" is really meaningless.
Don't you use that word often too?
Let's stop here.
Let's do that.
If your parents see us,
they will be worried.
Thank you for seeing me home.
But it's what I must do.
It must be cold to get back home.
I am going to run to the bus station.
It will be a good workout.
Take care of yourself.
What do you want to do tomorrow?
Is there nothing you want to do with me?
My gosh. You never expected this to happen?
I want to go to the movies, go for a walk,
go to an art gallery,
work out together, talk on the phone whenever I want,
go to a bar and a cafe,
and go to a theme park with you.
"I'll see you tomorrow."
I was overwhelmed to hear you say that.
I'll see you tomorrow,
Ji An.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Good morning.
- Did you sleep well? - Yes.
Those are men's clothes.
Yes. Do Kyung must've hung these on the rooftop,
and forgotten about them.
How can you fold a man's underwear without shame?
What? What's wrong?
I have two brothers, so I'm used to it.
Hyuk, could it be...
that you're embarrassed?
I will fold these. You fold the towels.
Okay.
You became bubbly after you met your mother.
Yes. Thinking about people who care about me...
made me very brave.
So I told her everything in my chest.
It felt so liberating.
Then I should meet your father.
My father?
I helped you escape.
So I should apologize to him...
and ask his permission to see you.
I feel sorry to let you go through it alone.
My father is a really nice person.
I am sure he will like you too.
No Jin Hee went to Europe herself...
and purchased the land for our new resort.
Well done.
Thanks to Mr. Jung's local connection,
we were able to do business in Berlin.
If Mr. Jung didn't succeed purchasing the land,
we would've been in big trouble, right?
Mr. Jung surely had a lot to do with it.
- Good job. - Don't mention it, sir.
Ms. No Myung Hee.
Yes, sir.
Until when...
will you let Haesung FNB stay stagnant?
A burger chain, a salad bar,
and a Korean restaurant. You only have three.
Stagnant water is bound to rot.
You already have too many franchises.
When will you launch the new brand?
I told you to do it a long time ago.
It got delayed because of the Vietnam expansion.
It's the golden era of franchises,
so we are trying to do something unique.
Soon...
The Vietnam expansion?
It became Mr. Choi's responsibility...
a long time ago. So why talk about it?
I am sorry, sir.
But more than that, until when...
will Chief Director Choi be on leave?
Now that the land is purchased,
he should get to work.
Shouldn't he be going to work now?
Right.
He wanted some time off from work to recharge,
so I let him go on a long vacation.
I am...
ashamed to see the board members.
Father.
Sir, can we have a cup of tea?
I am busy.
- Let's go have some tea. - Of course, sir.
Myung Hee.
Let's get some tea.
Don't annoy me, and just go.
The number you have dialed is not available....
What are you doing?
I wanted to ask about my niece,
but you won't let me.
Let me see Eun Seok.
Eun Seok went to study abroad.
She went abroad?
But I am not here to ask about Eun Seok.
- It's Do Kyung. - He'll be back soon.
Myung Hee. I've seen Do Kyung for years.
I don't know who that girl is,
but what if Do Kyung ends up giving up...
Haesung Corporation for her?
Stop talking nonsense.
Edward VIII even abdicated for a woman.
He did it to marry Wallis Simpson.
You'd know because you were once blinded by love.
Jin Hee.
I heard the news about Jang So Ra.
I didn't tell Father yet.
That would make things really bad, wouldn't it?
You still attack people with a smile on your face.
This is why I hate you.
I attacked you?
Are you talking about the day you lost Eun Seok?
Here.
Come to Nanny's house in Yangpyeong.
Drop off Eun Seok there,
and we can leave together from there.
Hello?
Your husband hired someone to go after you.
Did you not get busted yet?
Eun Seok.
Eun Seok...
What?
Where did you leave Eun Seok?
If it weren't for your false guess,
I wouldn't have lost Eun Seok.
You think it's my fault, don't you?
You never hold yourself accountable, do you?
That's why I will never let you have Haesung.
Jung Myung Soo? Not a chance.
I will make Do Kyung inherit it directly.
I am competitive too.
Besides, I think Father's changing his mind.
It's exciting, isn't it?
My goodness, Myung Hee,
you look worried.
I am too scared. I should hurry off.
I will think about how to stir Father even more.
By the way, do we have to clean again?
Of course.
Here.
I have to get it done fast and go.
Let's hurry up and do a trial run, make samples,
get the quality checked,
and decide when we will open the factory...
and the packing design for the pellets.
Please list down everything else we need.
Don't worry.
You should go. You can't waste a second.
Thank you.
Go easy on me for just a week.
By the way, are you okay with just a week?
We never know.
Some miracle might happen.
- We will go first. - Bye.
See you tomorrow.
Bye.
(Ji Soo)
Yes, Ji Soo.
Ji An, I am going to introduce Hyuk to Father.
I should let Mom and Dad meet him too.
What does Dad do these days?
When does he have time?
Dad...
is not at home.
He's staying in Jeongseon.
Jeongseon? His hometown?
Why is he there?
Actually,
something happened to Dad.
[VIU Ver] E44 My Golden Life "Dating Only"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You're finally surprised.
When did you come?
About an hour ago.
"An hour ago"?
What did you do for an hour?
Why didn't you call me?
For no reason.
You should've called me.
It's nearly 8pm.
It was good enough.
The flowers are wilted a little though.
You even brought flowers.
It's lovely.
Is it your father?
How did you know?
I've met him before.
It looks just like him.
Were you going to paint it too?
No. I can do it tomorrow.
Let's paint it and then go.
You can try painting the jeans.
No. I can't do it.
What if I ruin it?
If you mess it up, I can paint over it.
- Give it a try. - Really?
Should I?
That's it.
Didn't I ruin your plans for this evening?
You didn't want to eat seolleongtang, did you?
I didn't have a plan.
I was so busy that I only thought about...
seeing you after work.
I couldn't think about what to do.
- Thank you. - My pleasure.
Thank you.
Please enjoy.
You finished setting up the factory in a day?
You're amazing.
So are you.
You didn't even hear me calling you.
You were completely focused on your work.
Were you like that when you worked on my lamp?
Oh, that lamp.
It was so hard to concentrate back then.
By the way, what did you do with So Ra's lamp?
I have it.
Why do you have it?
Well...
So Ra is supposed to send me her address,
but she hasn't sent it yet.
"So Ra"? "Yet"?
It sounds like you two are very close.
No, that's not true.
We've known each other since we were kids.
Really?
Are you upset?
Why would I be upset?
I'm just hungry.
Gosh. Just eat.
Okay.
What did you eat with So Ra?
What?
It's nothing. You must be hungry. Let's eat.
Okay.
Where did you go with her?
Where have you been?
You haven't called me all day.
Did you not get my calls?
If it was urgent, you should've texted me.
Where have you been after the meeting?
I went out for some air.
You went out for air after going through all that?
Did you not hear what Father said?
He's really upset with Do Kyung.
I suppose so.
And he was disappointed in me long ago.
That's what I mean.
Why are you acting like...
as if you've given up on everything?
For Do Kyung,
you should get things together.
That's not true.
Your father approved of our marriage...
to use me just this much.
I was going to act as a bridge...
for Do Kyung just in case...
something happened to your father.
I just did it for you and for my son.
But I don't want to do that anymore.
Why?
I want to let Do Kyung do what he wants.
So you'll have to convince him if you want.
Wait.
Wearing gloves is essential.
I didn't do this. I didn't do this to So Ra.
I didn't say anything.
It's not fun to skate just like this.
Do you want a bet?
"A bet"?
Okay. Let's go touch the door and come back.
The one who loses will grant the winner's wish.
- Okay? - Agreed.
Ready.
Start.
My gosh.
Can't you be more careful?
Are you all right?
I'm okay. But...
What?
Did... Did you get hurt?
No.
The game isn't over yet.
Hey!
Take your time.
It's been so long since I saw her smile like that.
I did it!
What was that? Do you have motors on your feet?
Yes! You should grant my wish.
My goodness.
What's your wish? I'll do whatever you want.
It wouldn't be fun if I told you that now.
I'll tell you at a very important moment.
You're driving me home?
How would I send you alone after that?
This is one of the things I've wanted to do.
I wanted to drive my boyfriend home.
- Really? - Yes.
And my tired boyfriend falls asleep in the car.
Really?
Then I should do that too.
Mother.
Ji An, we meet again.
Can I ask...
what is going on?
- Mother. - No.
I need this to be answered by Ji An.
We decided...
to date each other for just a week.
What?
You told me you wouldn't do anything.
I'm sorry.
I broke my promise.
What does that mean?
Mother.
Do Kyung, let me talk to her.
I promised something to her.
I thought...
I could...
date him for just a week.
Only for a week.
For a week?
I suggested that.
You're here to see me.
I'll send Ji An home in a taxi.
Ms. Min, please take Mother to the car.
Let's go.
Do Kyung, this isn't right.
I'll go alone.
I'll call you when I get home.
I'm leaving.
It's too late. No cafes would still be open.
I'll take you to where we can talk.
Go to your place. Let's talk in your room.
I can't let anyone in this house.
Other tenants live there too.
Welcome.
- Two bowls of soup. - Sure.
Why did you bring me somewhere like this?
It's the only place open right now.
Take a seat.
First,
leave Ji An and me alone for a week.
I know Grandpa won't leave her family alone...
if it gets any longer than that.
You know what your grandpa's like...
and you're foolish enough to ask for a week?
He's really angry.
I'm sure he is.
Do Kyung, when will you come home?
Move back in. Start your new business there.
I'll let you do anything.
I know you had other ideas...
like White Bio because you're young and curious.
Do it. I'll let you.
You can do that as a subsidiary business.
That would be...
living in Grandpa's shadow.
I just barely managed to start.
Shouldn't I need to succeed first?
Start what?
I found another factory.
What? How?
Grandpa isn't all-knowing or all-seeing.
Do you think he'll let you be?
If he stops me again,
I'll start smaller.
If I start with a street stall,
how will he stop me then?
What?
A street stall?
If he pushes me that far,
I might sell all my shares.
Even a cornered rat deserves a way out.
Are you going to take your grandpa head-on?
It's fun to do things by myself.
I told him so.
I told him that I won't come back,
but he won't give up.
You met him?
He didn't tell you?
I went to Yangpyeong myself.
What did you tell him?
Did you say you wouldn't come back?
Is that why he...
What are you doing?
Mom.
I can't do as I'm told...
and live like Grandpa's dog.
So...
I'd like you...
to leave me alone too.
(Do Kyung)
Hello?
Did you get home safely?
Was Ms. No very angry?
I shouldn't have offered to drive.
No.
A week is more than enough to get caught.
How could you yawn at a time like...
You could've asked to meet at a cafe.
Are you just dropping off the divorce papers?
Get in the car first.
What's this car?
Where are we going?
It won't take long. Get some rest.
Where are we?
Just get out.
Get some rest.
What are you doing? Let's talk first.
Sleep for about an hour.
You look tired. Your eyes are red.
We can talk after that.
What's all this?
Why did you come out? I was about to get you.
Sit. Let's eat.
A miscarriage is just like giving birth.
You need to recover from it.
Your friend wouldn't have cooked this soup for you.
What?
Your mom lives abroad.
I'm the only person you can lean on.
You couldn't tell me you were in pain...
or that you miscarried.
Sorry, Soo A.
What have I done to you?
Have some of the soup first.
You look terrible.
Seo Ji Tae.
Why are you doing this to me?
What if I didn't miscarry? What if it was abortion?
Even so,
you still need to eat this.
You should recover.
Eat up, would you?
I didn't miscarry.
What?
It's our child.
How could I get rid of it without your permission?
I wanted to make you give up.
I hated it.
What's the use...
of having a baby if I don't have you?
I felt like that,
but you just wanted the baby.
You wanted to divorce me.
Did you lie?
I'm sorry.
I wanted to find out...
what I'd mean to you...
if I'd lost the baby.
I'm sorry.
Soo A.
Don't you know what you mean to me?
I was anti-marriage, but I married you.
I love that baby because that baby is ours.
I didn't want to lose you or the baby, but...
I couldn't torture you anymore.
I was texting to say...
you could do what you really wanted...
when I got the call.
Really?
Then what about the baby?
I don't know.
You raise the baby.
I'll only give birth.
Come with us.
No, you two can go. That's best for your dad.
You were never scared of Dad.
He was never this angry.
This is serious.
I'll visit some time later.
Get ready while I pack the rest.
Ji An.
The chivalrous Mr. Sunwoo.
Giving me a day off, lending us your car,
and even driving my sister here.
And carrying this too.
Wait in the car. You too, Ji Soo.
Okay.
It's just like a date. Did you enjoy the drive?
I wouldn't have done this if I could drive myself.
He has to get back on his own.
Then do you want to drop him off on our way?
- Yes. - Hey, hey.
I'm not a kid.
Drop me off at the bus stop.
- Get in, it's cold. - Okay.
My gosh, it's cold.
You can't cry when you see him.
We're all pretending not to care.
I think I'll cry.
You can't.
The present needs to smile, not cry.
The present?
Your return...
will be a huge gift to him.
So put up your best smile. You're good at that.
But shouldn't we apologize...
to make him feel better?
What good will an apology do now?
They're just words.
I forgot, and you forgot.
We'd all forgotten.
We had more good days than bad, but we forgot.
We need to remind him that we remember all that...
to make him feel better.
That's true.
It was really strange.
Resentment and misunderstandings...
held me back,
but that went away when I remembered our memories.
We loved each other.
We had good times.
These people meant a lot to me.
Who are you?
Are you really Seo Ji Soo?
Seo Ji Soo grew up.
You really grew up a lot.
Is it the power of love?
In a way.
Hyuk told me...
that he liked me just the way I am.
If he pushes me that far,
I might sell all my shares.
Are you going to take your grandpa head-on?
It's fun to do things by myself.
I told him that I won't come back,
but he won't give up.
If Do Kyung doesn't see reason this time,
he's out of my plans forever.
Mr. Jung surely had a lot to do with it.
- Good job. - Don't mention it, sir.
He wanted some time off from work to recharge,
so I let him go on a long vacation.
I am...
ashamed to see the board members.
Have you lost your mind?
He must've been waiting for you.
Don't you cry.
- Dad. - Hi.
Yes, it's good to see you too.
Are you okay?
Yes, thanks to you.
You signaled to Ji An that I was acting strange.
That I was going abroad when I wouldn't want to.
I just felt like that.
I know you, so I got worried.
This is really unfair, Dad.
Why won't you tell Ji Soo...
to just go away?
I feel left out.
She's not like you.
Wait, are you saying she's yours and I'm not?
This is why I got upset and left home.
No, Ji Soo, it's not that.
It's not that at all.
Is it not? If not, turn it inside-out.
What?
You're so good at that.
Why did you bring so much again?
You're acting cold to me again.
Ji Soo brought stuff too.
Dad.
I made this bread myself.
- "Bread"? - Yes.
It's really easy on the stomach.
Why don't you try some now?
Well, okay.
(Block Bakery)
Let him eat inside where it's warm.
Dad, can we come inside?
Yes, of course.
I'm hungry.
You haven't eaten yet?
There aren't any nice restaurants nearby.
There must be a Chinese restaurant.
I want jjajangmyeon.
That sounds great.
It's so good.
I came here...
with your grandparents, you know.
With our grandparents?
- Doesn't it look good? - It looks tasty.
Mr. Seo.
Tae Soo does such a good job...
delivering the food, so this is on me.
Enjoy yourselves.
- Thanks. I'll do my best. - Sure, you do that.
Thanks, Tae Soo.
- Eat all you want. - Okay.
- Good boy. - It looks so good.
You seem to be eating fine.
Dad, come back home after a month, okay?
I can't. I don't want to burden you.
Mom's so discouraged.
He looked like a real patient.
I guess the mind really does govern the body.
That's because he believes he's sick.
It hasn't been long.
Who is it?
Hello?
It's Ji Soo's dad.
Vice Chairman Choi.
How are you?
I'd like to meet you today.
Just a moment.
The samples came out great.
I'll send them for quality testing.
- Okay. - Okay.
I don't want it to look complicated.
A simple, warm look will do.
Yes. Call me when you have the first draft. Bye.
(Ji An)
Hi, Ji An, I'm done.
Let's postpone an hour. Something came up.
What's wrong?
I'll tell you later. Hang up for now.
(Father)
Hi, Dad.
Do Kyung, can we meet up?
Do Kyung.
Did my dad call you?
Yes.
What's going on?
Why did he...
call us separately?
You came together.
No, we met downstairs.
Mom, you're here too.
Sit.
I didn't want to be disturbed,
so I ordered tea.
Could you serve us some tea?
Sure.
I'll do it.
What a mess.
Sit down.
Fine. I lost.
Let's talk with the kids.
Have a seat.
I admit that I lost to you.
Mother is allowing you to get married.
You...
should get married.